README.md, before:

SeaClouds Platform
==================
![SeaClouds Project][SeaClouds-banner]
[SeaClouds-banner]: http://www.seaclouds-project.eu/img/header_test.jpg  "SeaClouds Project"
==================
[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/SeaCloudsEU/SeaCloudsPlatform.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/SeaCloudsEU/SeaCloudsPlatform)

This is a proof of concept of the **SeaClouds Platform** ([www.seaclouds-project.eu](http://www.seaclouds-project.eu)), integrating a first version of the [Discoverer & Planner](../planner-branch/planner/) (considering the [Matchmaker process](../planner-branch/planner/matchmaker/)), [Deployer](./deployer/), [Monitor](./monitor/) and [SLA Service](https://github.com/SeaCloudsEU/sla-core/) components, into a [**Unified Dashboard**](./dashboard/src/main/webapp).


This work is part of the ongoing European research project *EC-FP7-ICT-610531* SeaClouds, and it's *currently under development*.

Contributing
-------------
If you want to help us with the development of this project please read carefully our [**Contributing Guide**](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Getting Started
-------------------
* Installation guide: please follow the instruction to know [how to deploy SeaClouds](usage/installer/README.md)

##License##
Licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

Commit message:

improve maven structure
fix planner maven structure
uncomment optimizer
enable build for matchmaker and discoverer
fix maven layout for matchmaker,optimizer and discoverer
fix compilation errors (wtf!?)
fix parents in multiple pom.xml
add logback implentation for slf4j
prepare usage of maven-plugin-release

README.md, after:

SeaClouds Platform
==================
![SeaClouds Project][SeaClouds-banner]
[SeaClouds-banner]: http://www.seaclouds-project.eu/img/header_test.jpg  "SeaClouds Project"
==================
[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/SeaCloudsEU/SeaCloudsPlatform.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/SeaCloudsEU/SeaCloudsPlatform)

This is a proof of concept of the **SeaClouds Platform** ([www.seaclouds-project.eu](http://www.seaclouds-project.eu)), integrating a first version of the [Discoverer & Planner](../planner-branch/planner/) (considering the [Matchmaker process](../planner-branch/planner/matchmaker/)), [Deployer](./deployer/), [Monitor](./monitor/) and [SLA Service](https://github.com/SeaCloudsEU/sla-core/) components, into a [**Unified Dashboard**](./dashboard/src/main/webapp).


This work is part of the ongoing European research project *EC-FP7-ICT-610531* SeaClouds, and it's *currently under development*.

Contributing
-------------
If you want to help us with the development of this project please read carefully our [**Contributing Guide**](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Getting Started
-------------------
* Installation guide: please follow the instruction to know [how to deploy SeaClouds](usage/installer/README.md)

How to release it!
-------------------
In order to release a new version:

- `mvn clean install` If everything is ok:
- `mvn -DdryRun=true release:prepare -DreleaseVersion=0.7.0-M19 -Dtag=0.7.0-M19 -DdevelopmentVersion=0.8.0-SNAPSHOT` and wait for a message like `Release preparation simulation complete.`

Then:
- `mvn release:clean`
- `mvn release:prepare -DreleaseVersion=0.7.0-M19 -Dtag=0.7.0-M19 -DdevelopmentVersion=0.8.0-SNAPSHOT`
- `mvn release:perform -Dgoals=deploy`

- test the staging repository, and finally promote release it!

##License##
Licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).
